"x"
"1" "To all the paid reviews here who give it a 10/10 have you watched the movie?I went to watch the movie because I'm in US & was craving to watch a Bollywood movie. Biggest mistake.
The movie is literally a box of crap. It's a good real life story spoiled with bad direction (too much Bollywood twist to the story) & bad acting. Please spare yourself a bad experience & save your money.
One of the songs made all the people in the theatre cringe."
"2" "Worst Direction & Story Writing.......too much emotional drama with so many illogical concepts shown. Not Worthy enough to waste money for theatre tickets to watch such type of movie."
"3" ""
"4" "
                "
"5" "I went to the theatre with huge expectations that was let down by Vikas Bahl's way of telling the story .
I get that even the real story is too unrealistic to be believed but the film didn't even try to convince us .
The supporting cast is extraordinary they held the film on their shoulder while Hritik ( Big fan of his work ) is felt out of place , I just couldn't by him as Anand .
But what really pisses me off is the stretched screenplay with really unnecessary scenes that added nothing to the film which made it hard to sit throug it almost 3 hours length .
I'm going with 1/10 bcz of the really missed opportunity I wished Hritik wasn't cast in this one and I wished it was directed by a director who really understands the genre ."
"6" ""
"7" "
                "
"8" "This movie is fit for no rating. I could not connect it to Patna at all as no suiting was done there all were in Studio. I must say an opportunity lost to make movie on such an example. Story was dramatized too much and it was much far away from the truth. After all patna is not so backward that police can not come to hospital protection and kids has to be so brilliant in defeating the professional killers. Director should have seen the movie beautiful mind before making a movie on professor."
"9" ""
"10" "
                "
"11" "Bore and miscast
The movie is based in anand of iit but does seems orignal"
"12" ""
"13" "
                "
"14" "It also proves that the fellas associated with this lousy film r constantly pumping fake reviews n ratings n monitoring reviews which criticizes the film.Coming to the movie, how can u make a biopic where the lead actor looks nothing like the real person even with make up n to top it all the acting/mannerism is nowhere close to the real guy.Also dont know why they glorified the real guy (Anand Kumar) after him being embroiled in so many controversies n being called fraud by his own students. (Kumar showed students of other institutes as his own).The script and direction is totally haywired. Surprisingly they retained the director accused of molesting females.The acting by Hrithik is the same all these twenty years. His angry facial expressions is getting monotonous. His looks n body structure looked as if an urban model doing some tiring labor work but did not match those of the real guy.
Ther is tons of overacting n too much melodrama.The real guy is bald from front n his belly protruding but the lead actor didn't not even try putting on some weight n removing the front hair. Cos most Bollywood actors r concerned about looks n muscles n not method acting. They shud learn from Christian Bale (American Hustle, The Fighter, Vice, etc) They can also learn from their fellow actor Aamir Khan (Dangal, 3 Idiots, P.K., etc).The film is loaded with melodrama n cliches. It is very tedious.The movie is supposed to be on the 30 students but here they jus focussed on one racist narcissist actor only who endorses fairness products.
It is miserable to see Bollywood actors endeavour for a fair skin.If you ever happen to flip the matrimonial pages in any newspaper or surf through matrimonial sites, one similarity you would come across in most proposals is the demand for a fair bride n this is all cos of actors like these."
"15" ""
"16" "
                "
"17" "Movie would have been great of they didn't made this biography into a drama. Songs are forcefully put in the movies."
"18" ""
"19" "
                "
"20" "It's not for everyone. Super 30 is all over the place, and not in the \"misunderstood genius who needs a mentor\" sort of way..."
"21" ""
"22" "
                "
"23" "I had no expectations from this movie but I was interested in what the movie has to say about a teacher of a coaching center. Anand Kumar whose Wikipedia page was sparse before movie was all updated before the movie release. Even his research and publication history was questioned in the past. Also, many people condemned him for promoting false information about students he coached. Coaching poor kids who are already smart is not a great task either.
The movie puts Anand Kumar on a pedestal and the focus is on Hrithik all the time and poor kids are just props. The movie is so predictable and the dramatic scenes are unnecessary. The only interesting bit was his father s scene as postmaster. The Sholay scene is cringeworthy and the contraptions shown in the climax to save 'holier than thou' teacher are just boring. Same old movie tropes and cartoonish bad guys drags the movie. Hrithik did what he could but this was not a role for him.
I wish I didn't watch this movie and don't recommend to anyone."
"24" "The movie is not at all gripping and absolutely boring n dull.
Its ur typical Bollywood masala rubbish film though.
The film makes u laugh with the bad acting n cliches after cliches.
The direction is pathetic n the film very slow.Casting is atrocious.
All in all a dud."
"25" ""
"26" "
                "
"27" "First of all, with all due respect to Mr. Anand Kumar - I want to say that this movie is not even close to a biopic. I couldn't even believe that it is based on true events.
There are many things that raised my eyebrows during course of movie which I want to highlight.1- In reality, Mr.Anand Kumar simultaneously works at Ramanujan Classes & Super 30 but in movie, rift between Excellence Caoching &Super 30is shown just to glorify Anand's image.Nothing is wrong in working for a sum of money.2- When Anand goes penniless, he sells everything in the house but still kept the maid in house, whom he brought into his home for his mother's help during his financially stable days3- When Super30 students are uncomfortable in English, Anand tell them to perform a play outside Excellence Coaching for 30 mins. I mean seriously and then they sing a song like NO NO NO NO.....4- Anand may have faced several attacks in his real life but in the movie it is depicted as if Thanos is coming to snatch infinity stone from Anand. All students gather and fight with goons with actual guns and bullets with just the help of physics.5- Students without any formal education are able to design Gobar Gas Plant and 3D projector for their hostel6- Romantic angle were deliberately added. There was no need for that. Songs are really bad except first one. Hristhik Roshan, Pankaj Tripathi and Amit Sadh are total miscast for the movie."
"28" "Very boring film I waste my time my money I don't like it"
"29" "If you don't want to apply any of your common sense then you will surely love this film. Poor writing and that annoying background score really spoiled my mood. Go watch if you are a fan of hritik otherwise don't waste your time on this one instead watch the greatest mathematician."
"30" ""
"31" "
                "
"32" "Super 30 is a good plot turned wrong! Horrible film making trying to sell on a single premise of 'raja ka beta raja Nahi banega'."
"33" ""
"34" "
                "
"35" "Movie was below average . Maybe after the praise the movie got my expectations was high. For the get go the movie does well to show the struggle Anand Kumar goes through. Please note I know nothing about his story but yet found this film predictable. I enjoyed when it showed his struggles to get money to go to Cambridge and then tutoring the rich kids with then realising the issue with how the poor kids are unable to pay for education so he starts up the free coaching.The film loses me in the second half where I did not feel the power packed punch or I was not caring much of what happens. It all became very familiar where it was the good (poor people) vs bad (the big education institution) I found the film not gripping enough and the climax scene where the kids protecting Anand in the hospital just seemed very unrealistic to me and silly.Hrithik Roshan did a great job but I felt the screen play was not on point for this film. Not the great movie everyone is telling me about. I must have missed something ?"
"36" "Movie is a complete injustice to the topic.
Could've been about more better.
Another botched biopic."
"37" ""
"38" "
                "
"39" "Typical bollywood over exaggerated movie. Lead and supporting actors plus songs are good. However story seems too superficial for a simple IIT professor and his 30 students. Even the length of the movie seems too dragged and can easily be cut by 45mins. Also whats with the fake 10/10 reviews, IMDB are you fact checking the sources even?"
"40" ""
"41" "
                "
"42" "The movie was excellent and motivating in the first half, got ruined in the second half because of Bollywood's undying need to add action or some humanly impossible stuff too the plot. Unfortunately when they do that, they expect the audience to keep their brain at home. Same was done in this movie.Excellent acting by Hritik Roshan, the guy who played Hritik Roshans das acted even better than Hritik.Hope he gets his due credit."
"43" ""
"44" "
                "
"45" "The movie is an absolute disaster, anybody watching it will never know Anand's story that he didn't have known before watching the movie."
"46" ""
"47" "
                "
"48" "Many scenes doesn't seem real.
Too slow movie. Animation is bad.
Unwanted songs."
"49" ""
"50" "
                "
"51" "Super 30 movie starts with one of Anand's students receiving an award at an International event for his contribution in aeronautics. In his thank you speech, he thanks the people who made the same possible, and started narrating the story of the most important person in his life that is Mr. Anand Kumar.Being a biopic on Anand Kumar, the mathematician who won the Awards, the rest of the movie shows his struggle to keep the institute up and running and the challenges he faces financially, physically and politically for the same.Hrithik Roshan has done a lot of justice to the character, he has completely transformed into Mr. Anand Kumar. Though Hrithik is not his attractive self, he is charming in a different way. Though he is struggling to get the perfect Bhojpuri accent in his dialogues, still he has managed to perform it well.The second half of the film is lengthy, and some of the plot points come across as far-fetched and overly dramatic. Here, you see the director Vikas Bahl losses his command over the narrative as well as the screenplay.The film does run longer at more than 150 minutes. Some reduction there and simplification of the over dramatic scenes could have made the taste simpler for us.Overall Super 30 is an average movie, however acting performances of Hrithik, Mrunal and Pankaj Tripathi are good."
"52" "This movie starts with a great plot but somehow falls into the trap of the educational institutes (coaching centres) cross roads. I am amazed how people gave it 8.8 on imdb where this movie can hardly get a 5 out of 10.
Hrithik roshan's acting is superb but the education depicted in the movie is mainly a couple of MCQ's and few riddles. I expected some brilliant demonstration of engineering or scientific education with examples etc.
I am disappointed and would really want to shake those hands that gave it 8.8 :/"
"53" ""
"54" "
                "
"55" "What could have been a very important and inspiring movie about a real hero of our country, has turned out to be another bollywood masala movie. In fact, after the end credits rolled, I sat there wondering, why a person like Anand Kumar whould even let anyone make a movie like this on his life. With enough cringe-worthy moments in the movie, some parts were highly exaggerated, unnecessary and very badly executed. For me, the worst part of the movie was the writing( actually,acting was equally bad). Direction was as commercial as it could get. I had better expectations from Vikas Bahl."
"56" ""
"57" "
                "
"58" "Poor portrayal of Anand Kumar and events that followed in his later life. Maybe a documentary would've done more justice to him rather than a monotonous, overdramatic Bollywood version of his good deeds."
"59" ""
"60" "
                "
"61" "Movie was overrated not as good as expected...casting was too bad which doesn't resembles any reality checks...!!"
"62" ""
"63" "
                "
"64" "Super 30 - is inspired by the real life character of Anand Kumar, a mathematician who runs an institute for the underprivileged by the same name in Bihar. In real life, Anand Kumar runs a coaching centre to prepare candidates for the IIT JEE, but inducts 30 economically backward students from among them into Super 30, a school that has won many accolades for the humanitarian approach and its academic excellence.In the movie though, Anand (Hrithik Roshan) faces the impossible task of chasing his dream to attend classes in the Cambridge University due to his family's poor background. When his father dies, Anand has to forego his ambition and resorts to selling papad to make their ends meet. He enjoys a brief flirtation with money and fame when an education tycoon picks him up from his personal nadir to run his coaching centre, but soon gives it all up due to an inner calling to alleviate poor but ambitious students to achieve their IIT dreams. Super 30 is Anand Kumar's trials and tribulations in this journey.Hrithik Roshan is powerful in his discharge of the responsibility and puts in his heart and soul into the role. But playing this character was never going to be easy, especially with the small town attributes. This is where Roshan falters - his gait is the usual trademarked one, and the accent is gravely inconsistent. Beleaguered director Vikas Bahl makes Super 30 a commercial hash with some gimmicks including a prolonged and ridiculous take on a Sholay song and a contrived hospital rescue of the hero. I wish he had spent more time to help us connect with the 30 underprivileged students or developed the underdog theme to a more powerful essay. Pankaj Tripathi as the education minister and Aditya Shrivastav as Lallan Singh are wasted. Mrunal Thakur has precious little to do. Nandeesh Singh, Virendra Saxena, Amit Sadh and Surinder Kaur are impressive though. Music by Ajay Atul is ordinary."
"65" "Apart from acting and dedication of anand kumar, there is nothing seems realistic.
First half was fabulous but it is just ruined by second half.
Second half is very weak and it comes with poor ending as well.
Some social issues were shown perfectly like pathetic situation of poors in india, Those who dream big in their life and ain't able to complete them without 'Sadhan'.
Story is somehow predictable, I'm giving 5 stars only for Hrithik; He put all his efforts to fill emotions.
But somehow this movie will not touch your heart , everytime you'll think, something is missing in this movie."
"66" ""
"67" "
                "
"68" "SUPER 30 REVIEW :-
Some film usually makes it to your watchlist so easily just because you know the content has a potential to come out as Very Good feature film product. Super 30 could be one of those awaited films having a Brilliant story and Strong content, but does it deliver? Yes it does. But not completely still enough satisfying for medium level expectations. An extraordinary story told in ordinary manners leaves Super 30 as a Good Film.Coming towards the story, we all have read something about Anand Kumar and his life, so the script might be predictable but the actual scenes deserves to be watched as we haven't seen or read it before. A story of a Genius teacher who struggled a lot for his own career then enjoyed a fame and then again quit all the lavishness just to bring the change in Business minded educational system of our country. Anand Kumar has done so much for the poor students and we can connect with his Passion quickly, and Fully unless some over-dramatic sequences force you to lose the interest. There were so many things in story such as Passion, Struggle, success story, political propaganda and Social awareness etc. all these things could have been explored and crafted in proper Cinematic manners but unfortunately the opportunity is lost now. May be this is the only reason why Super 30 never connects you throughout. You really feel and want to connect with it but it keeps losing the grip on alternate occasions.Talking about the acting, Hrithik Roshan delives a fine performance breaking his greek god image and moulding himself into a regional, local villager character. Mrunal Thakur has less screen-space but she looks deliberately cute on screen. Pankaj Tripathi is Hilarious, he eats up the entire scene whenever he comes on screen. Child artists and other cast members are decent. Ajay Atul have given a proper situational music to keep the pace intact. Removing Typical Filmy scenes and being more realistic, simple would have helped the screenplay but let it be. Direction is the weakest part here, any other intelligeent director would have connected the emotions more deeply.Overall, Super 30 is a story which deserves to be told and the message has reached safely. Some things are missing though, one can still call it a Good watchable film. That long time impact might have not been there but the it will be remembered as an honest attempt to aware society on educational issues. Super 30 should taste a Critical and Commercial success and people should be happy after watching it unless expectations are damn too high which is unlikely to happen with
everyone.RATING - 6/10*"
"69" "Rich students pay exorbitant fees n join coaching classes to enter IIT. There r many impoverished students too, who have the requisite brains n deserve a bright future, but they lack the resources. Anand Kumar from bihar gives up a lucrative job n starts mentoring such kids. He becomes their friend, philosopher n guide. His enemies try to eliminate him, but his family n students stand by him n ensure that he succeeds. Good performances by roshan, srivastava, tripathi, sandhu. Running time needs to be reduced by 20 minutes. Music is bad. Some scenes r unnecessarily melodramatic. #Super30 rating 3/5."
"70" "The story was ruined because the Bollywood masala ... Some scene were so idiotic that it burned my eyes. Very poor direction."
"71" ""
"72" "
                "
"73" "Isn't it interesting that a person you always have looked upon as a handsome hunk of Bollywood, was rapidly accepted as a dedicated teacher from Bihar, India for 2.5 hours of a movie. The trailer made that acceptance looked really dicey, but 10 minutes in the movie and you start focusing on the subtle storytelling rather than how the protagonist is delivering his local Bihari dialect. Never been a fan of Hrithik Roshan, but indeed this is one of the better movies of his. Casting in the movie is almost perfect. Whether it's for cameo roles, or important roles. By the way, it's a pleasure to watch Abhijeet (yes CID wale Abhijeet sir) in a different role.The movie itself is inspiring and a little entertainment has also been added for the general mass looking for a mild Bollywood style action and song sequence. Albeit that was the reason for me to not love the second half of the movie. But when you come out of the cinema hall with a little smile on your face, you know it was good if not the best. And that's what this movie is, a good motivational flick. You can watch it, you might not love it, but you won't hate it either."
"74" ""
"75" "
                "
"76" "The inspiration to the movie is one of the best I have seen. The man Anand Kumar should be a source of motivation for many to achieve their goals. But the film doesn't represent this properly. First half of the film is superb, it portrays the real life struggle of Anand Kumar but the second half is full of illogical stories, malinfiomed and morphed script written to give a Bollywood touch and doing so it deviates from reality and its a disappointment. If I rate first half 10/10 the second half would get 2/10."
"77" ""
"78" "
                "
"79" "Super 30 looked good. The trailer was promising and could've easily been executed better if it wasn't for the Bollywood masala.Super 30 follows the story of Anand Kumar, a mathematician who created the Super 30 program to help poor and less fortunate students get a position at IIT.The first half was good. We got introduced to Anand Kumar and saw his struggle in his life in a realistic manner. The first half kept me engaged due to the realistic approach the film took and helped me connect with the protagonist more.The cinematography was great and made me feel like I was in Patna. The background score went over the top at times as it felt like it was trying to force you to feel the emotion instead of the film doing it visually. Hrithik Roshan's acting was good. Some may be bothered by his accent but it didn't affect me. Pankaj Tripathi was good with what he was given since his character had the basic label of a villain and not much else to it. Same can be said about Aditya Srivastava's character.The second half is where the movie falters for me. I'm not sure what happened but writer Sanjeev Dutta and director Vikas Bahl decided to go on a more Bollywood-like route and make the film dramatic as possible. The second half really ruined the experience by focusing too much on the villain aspect of the film instead of focusing on the main story about Anand Kumar and his students. We barely get to learn what the students are like and as a result there wasn't really any character development surrounding them.I think if Dutta and Bahl continued the more realistic approach, then this film would have been solid but continuously fixating on the villains instead telling the main story in its real format made the experience much less inspiring.I still honour the effort that went into making this film and spreading a story which needs to be told. I just wished it wasn't told in an overdramatized and unrealistic way."
"80" "First of all, glad that finally Bollywood is recognizing the real hero's as opposed to the ones who can dance and sing and fight and all to get a girl.However, this movie has distracted itself from the main topic. It's very slow to start with, and then the whole villain plot has been overly exaggerated (it didn't exist in real life) making it even more dragging. Not much of character development either, especially when you think of the struggling students. Hrithik Roshan (I am a fan) was not suitable for the role and didn't do much justice too it either. But I did like the actors playing his brother, mother, and girl-friend. They were good.I wished if the writer / director had stuck to the main topic, focused more on the students, developed their characters, and cut down the masala and a few preaching dialogues making it a bit more watchable. At least a 4th of the movie has no connection with the reality and is poorly written / directed.Regardless, I must say that the movie is worth watching once. But by no means it will get a 10/10 from me."
"81" ""
"82" "
                "
"83" "No spoilers, plain review ahead:
Movie starts with good dialogues with some light comedy. As we know it is a real life story, we expect something not too much filmy. Thats where this movie fails.
First half is bearable at least but second half messes it up.
One time watch."
"84" ""
"85" "
                "
"86" "Direction: Controversial director Vikas Bahl has directed this biopic movie based on life of Mathematician Anand Kumar. He did brilliant job behind the camera as it will give your intense flavor of struggle of Anand Kumar and his team Super 30.Performance: Hrithik owns this biopic drama as he acted as USP of this cinema. His looks, body language and accent will give you some surprise as this type role is quite challenging for him. Super 30 is great movie because it has great supporting roles. Virendra Saxena did phenomenal job in the role of father. Aditya Srivastava looks good in negative role. Pankaj Tripathi delivered another brilliant performance in small role. Mrunal Thakur also did the justice with her role. Amit Sadh is also good entertainer for the audience.Script: Sanjeev Dutta has tried to pen down each and every detail related to the life and struggle of Anand Kumar. We must appreciate his effort. However there are some additional play which can be cut short or remove as it derail the momentum gained by script in first half. Sometime over melodrama does not help the movie because audience feel disconnect from the script.Visual Effects: Some good effects added more value to the script. These were really demanded in this type of script.Music: This department let down this movie as Ajay-Atul failed to mesmerized the audience. There is no song which can be consider as chart-buster. \"Basanti No Dance\" was pathetic one.Box-Office: It opened with 11 crores. Second day it collected 17 crores which means huge jump for this type genre. On Sunday, it has earned more than 20 crores despite having Cricket World cup final. By this next weekend, it will cross 100 crores tag.Last Words: Go and watch and tell me your review."
"87" ""
"88" "
                "
"89" "-------------Hritik Roshan (Aanand)SUPER 30 is the story of a selfless man fighting for the cause of education-for-all.Against all odds, India's renowned mathematician, Anand Kumar shapes to 'Super 30' on his own - a coaching class in Patna, designed for 30 deserving, underprivileged students who are aspiring to get admission into institutions like IIT.Lakhs of students every year have to struggle and study hard in order to get a few thousand seats in elite educational institutes.The problem gets compounded when students belong to low-income groups.Anand Kumar from Bihar came as a godsend for many such aspirants. He gave free coaching to students and guaranteed them a seat in IIT.Anand (Hrithik Roshan) literally rises to his dreams, but story doesn't touch upon the certain controversies surrounding Anand Kumar which have been reported in the media, focusing on his struggles and glory instead.Super 30' has several heartfelt, inspiring moments.But in the second half, the film's lengthy,, And some of the plot points come across as far-fetched and overly dramatic.The makers claim it's based on a true story but some of the episodes of the second half seem fictional.Hrithik Roshan pulls off a solid performance essaying Anand Kumar.
When you exaggerate the extraordinary, it looks ordinary.
The narrative does have its flaws, 'Super 30' is a human drama and the story of a teacher with many challenges that life throws at him, to set an example for the world to see. Just for that it's worth a watch."
"90" "It is a beautiful story that is well told. However, what is this obsession with these commercialized songs that does nothing to the story."
"91" ""
"92" "
                "
"93" "This kind of stories should be told. It encourages people to realise the importance of Education for all. The film is presented like a children's film and can be enjoyed with the whole family. No matter some scenes we're melodramatic and after interval the execution of some scenes are bad but the acting by the whole cast is too good. And the dialogues are relevant and praiseworthy. Also, I loved the concept and theme of the movie."
"94" ""
"95" "
                "
"96" "Super 30 has its heart at the right place with superlative acting performances by the entire cast. Special Mention to Pankaj Tripathi, who steals every frame he is in.
Barring some disjointed scenes initially & 2 wasteful songs in the 2nd half, this film is a nice experience."
"97" ""
"98" "
                "
"99" "Hrithik Roshan is back on screen after a long time. It is the biopic of Anand Kumar. HR is able to pull it of in Bihari accent. His chemistry with Mrunal Thakur is superb. Audience is loving her presence.
I love the face of between Aditya Shrivastav and Hrithik in so many scenes. It was like Kante ki takkar. Pankaj Tripathi plays his character well. Kids and others are supportive too.
Extraordinary use of VFX and Background music. It was lovely to here Udit Narayan's voice after a long time in a romantic track along with Shreya. Music is given by Ajay Atul, while Lyrics have been penned by Amitabh Battacharya. Basanti Song was good, too. Paisa song was the best one for me according to the story. It came on the right time. And the film got pace.
Best thing about this film is its film-making. It is simply fantastic. I think it is Vikas Behal's best directorial product. However, I felt confused in the climax, whether such type of incedents happened, or it was fictional. Story was good, but not the best. Screenplay lacks that passion. It was more of a melodrama. People watching non-Hindi and English films may not be able to attach with this film totally. But aam janta will love it.
I must say that, Anand Kumar surely had a tough life. Those threats, even till last year, on both Kumar brothers, are shocking. Education is not a business. People on top should understand this. Kudos to Anand Kumar and his supporters for opening Super 30 batch for poor but ambitious kids.
The hall was packed. People were clapping and cheering throughout the run. It was the last scene which got many of us. Along with Hrithik, many viewers had tears. That scene surely defines how good he is in acting. It will be a sure hit. Take your family and enjoy this film. Get inspired to learn something and give it back to the needful."
"100" ""
"101" "
                "
"102" "Based on life of Anand kumar,Super 30 is quite an interesting biopic with so many flaws.They could not show why Anand is special or what makes him different from others and neither did they talk about his teaching methods.Film had so much potential but director failed to capitalize it,at times the film felt like a bit over dramatic and trying to create sympathy for poor and hatred for rich.Coming to casting not sure why Mrunal Thakur was there in the movie,even without her the film would not have been effected and and a useless item number which was inserted which was not required,Hrithik Roshan did a pretty good job even though he never really convinced me with his accent and Pankaj Tripathi,Aditya Srivastava were really good in their performances which probably saved the movie.It seemed like makers wanted everyone to believe Anand to be a great teacher without really explaining his skills and talent."
"103" ""
"104" "
                "
"105" "Good movie to watch. Though there is 10 percent of story of Anand kumar. All the artist worked hard till perfection. Could be more better if hrithik could do better in acting. Rest ausum"
"106" ""
"107" "
                "
"108" "Acting - excellent. Music - bad, Direction-bad.
1st half was much better than 2nd."
"109" ""
"110" "
                "
"111" "So in this movie we have Hrithik as Anand Kumar who was offered an admission by the Cambridge University, but he fails to get required funds.The movie actually shows the real situation of coaching classes in Patna and till this part it was really nice. The craze for IITs, the business of coaching classes, manipulation of politicians around these and even the rivalries of coaching institutions are properly justified.This story is probably much real to the popular story of Anand Kumar. He actually has a friend who runs another coaching class, but in this movie, the friend was shown as his rival, under whom Anand (Hrithik) actually worked as a JEE teacher, but soon left to teach the poor. Because he was doing this for free, friendship turned into rivalry.May be the facts are changed accordingly to make an effective plot and if we do not consider the controversies related to (the real) Anand Kumar or any reality, it makes a good movie and is a one time watch.Other things I would like to highlight is that no movie or series is able to show how exactly tough is IIT-JEE! Not even Kota Factory! This movie had a huge blunder- chemistry. Anand Kumar was good in maths, okay, somehow teaches physics, umm... fine, but where the hell is Chemistry? The movie was well showing the life of people around, but the IIT part was not well defined. JEE syllabus always had chemistry, but no reference was given to it. Not even in the opening credits!Finally I would like to point another blunder. The children fighting the goons with science! Yes, that was absurd. Studying science, and preparing for JEE is a very different thing. For a layman, I will explain it in one point. While studying science, you study and understand concepts, preparing for JEE, you have to practise and solve questions. Both are different. I bet that even the JEE rank 1 cannot do those things. You have prepared for JEE, you guys are not engineers.
So that part was not expected by me, neither it was required, only a few was okay.Thank you"
"112" "You know better how to judge a film like this.
Being a biopic of a true legend, we're so excited to watch this movie, checking reviews at YouTube and then came to IMDB and was surprised to see such a amazing rating, 8.9 right ?Went next day to to witnesses this in theatre,1st half was all good, but from 2nd half things started worsening, at by the end you will start realising that 1st half of the movie was also not that great, that's how indian bollywood directors and a poor script writing makes a awesome story or a biopic fail-From a huge fan of Hrithik Roshan
Don't trust IMDB'S ratings blindly.
Or you may have to suffer like me
Have you watched any Hollywood movie having 8.9 imdb so far .. you know the quality of content it provides right ?Then judge it by yourself if you are so willing to watch this in theatres"
"113" ""
"114" "
                "
"115" "Based on a strong storyline and great reviews I decided to watch this movie on opening Sunday. I am glad that I watched this movie. There was the motive, I wanted to see the work done by Hritik for a great guy like Anand and also wanted to educate my kid about the importance of education.I can give 10 out of 10 for the subject, 8 out of 10 for acting, 6 out of 10 for Drama, 4 out of 10 for compilation. In total, I can give 7 out of 10 for Super 30.Subject: We really need a good real-time heros to educate the younger generations. I can see that Bollywood is changing and nowadays we are getting more and more such work. I can give full credit for the subject.Acting: Acting from Hritik is outstanding and acting from all the characters is balanced except they were too much trying to Bihari Accent, I think that would be okay not to use that much accent.Drama: Subject and Storyline was very good but there were few unnecessary Drama. Like, No need to address the International Audience for telling the story of Anand Kumar through the medium of Fugga Kumar. \"No, no, no\" song was unnecessary and could be used a different way to remove gaps between poor and rich kids. Fight with the villain was dramatic, could be achieved with fewer mafias with the same ideas, remember those kids were preparing for IIT, not the superheroes.Compilation: Overal movie was sticking you on your seat through of the drama but the compilation was not good. Looks like \"Raja ka beta raja nahi banega\" became a tag line and used on multiple occasions. They could actually use actual story and actual events performed by Anand Kumar.Overall I enjoyed the show and definitely consider \"To See\" movie and my rating of 7 out from 10 doesn't mean it is okay. I just shared my thoughts here."
"116" "Ok, so first of all this movie highlights a few things overlooked by modern society. Capitalism. However, in doing so, it inadvertently shows that we can not escape it, not easily and hence has an irony. A man (Hritik Roshan) goes after this concept after realising that many dreams go untouched because of money woes, but eventually one must realise that the tagline that he keeps on rambling about \"A king's son may not become a king, only the worthy shall get the throne\", that's capitalism in one sentence (however, as most people understand capitalism is responsible for creating a large gap between the rich and the poor because the king's son eventually takes the throne because the pauper is underpowered) . Second thing, the story messed it up in the second half by showing the kids like they were the avengers or something, this part could have been much better and eventually leads to the bad rating."
"117" ""
"118" "
                "
"119" "It's a film take on true life story of a genius mathematician, Anand Kumar. The movie tries to give you a glimpse into the life of Anand Kumar who comes from an economically challenged family and showcaes his struggles and achievements. The story is inspiring and tries to show what can be achieved if we have the will to perform. Certain scenes enacted by Virendra Saxena who play Anand's father are truly endearing. Excellent performance by Hrithik , Amit Sadh, Pankaj Tripathi, Aditya Srivastava and Mrunal Thakur."
"120" ""
"121" "
                "
"122" "Super 30 is a movie that delivers it's content to the audience very strongly. The movie may not be very realistic in some aspects. But they delivered a movie that is inspiring and entertaining at the same time. The critics who say the film didn't depict more emotional trauma or wasn't realistic should think that the common people watch the movie for entertainment and if a movie stick to being very emotional and realistic the people won't watch it. The stories like super 30 muatbe told to a larger audience and for that they made it in an entertaining way. But that doesn't remove any emotional connect of the film. The climax is such a fine one that everyone will feel it. Hrithik delivers a strong performance and he made everyone believe he is Anand.
Loved the movie."
"123" ""
"124" "
                "
"125" "The movie plot is excellent. The real Anand Kumar's job has been duly paid respect by the movie.Though the movie is good, it could have been better if some plot jumps were managed well enough. For example I do not see the rational behind Anand leaving his job even for a good cause. A tention was not created. The most pityful character is Mr Lannan who is portrayed as an antihero. He is the one who has to be blamed for the wrongdoings in the story, however, I always felt pity. It is the lack of the screenwriter who has not written the story with enough tension that could have made the story more plausible.After all you may say, it is the real story, then I do not really empathize with Anand Kumar quite seriously."
"126" "This is what bollywood should make and see right now instead of stupid movies from khans (not saif and irrfan) and johar movies. This is an underdog story of a person named anand kumar who had to fight his way to give free education to students who cannot afford it and how as everyone knows that in india, education is a billion business from politicians to ministers to corporates taking their share which makes others from lower classes remain uneducated and underachieved. Hrithik Roshan and Anurag Kashyap makes this movie even more great by keeping it real, simple and relatable for those who had to face problems while getting pure education and positions after that. If you miss this then dont watch cinema at all and make it reach to 200 crores to prove real cinema and real stories matter to all of us because time has changed."
"127" ""
"128" "
                "
"129" "When a teacher have guts to teach, they can actually change any student's life and their fate. What a lovely movie, we professors took our students for this movie and everyone loved that experience."
"130" ""
"131" "
                "
"132" "I Smiled,
I Clapped,
I Cried,
I Laughed,
I Motivated
and Really - Mostly
I Inspired.This movie is such a wonderful in its making and storytelling. Saying it as a \"Movie\" will waste its worthiness.From the very starting the Movie takes grip on the base as Mathematics and it looked like the movie - \" A Man Who Knew Infinity \" in the starting base how Ramanujan showed his brilliancy and struggled to contribute his greatness in the mathematics.
Here Anand Kumar ( Hritik ) from the starting , shows his brilliancy in mathematics and wants to study more deeply but was unable to study as his family condition and the place where he lived. He faces the problems between his Dream to go to Cambridge and get PHD in mathematics and Science. Politics plays its own game and he looses all his dreams all for the lack of the money.Then how he managed to gather all the students who are actually poor and teach them, is in the film.But the main thing to discuss here is the Inspiration :
It is truly made to Inspire the students who are not At least Daring to Dream.
It is the movie to feel every raised hair on your skin in the storyline. Anyone can do Anything, Just One has to Stuck to the Dream and anything is Possible.Because : \" Only those can be a King , who Deserves it \"Negatives:Don't know when our Bollywood will free from this Hinduphobic movie makers... They are literally spoiling the movie.
Like -Mentions of mahabharata and the characters in were showed in the Negative light in the entire movieEvery politician ( Corrupt or Right ) were given name of Hindu god.Every bad man is shown wearing \"Mala\" .Hindu god references in a wrong way.And, in the movie the Real Anand Kumar is only shown in one scene in the ending of the movie but quite not focused.More scenes should be there.
But that not the case to discuss as the negatives...Apart from that : The movie is really a pure Inspiration.
Can be watched Twice ? Obviously YES."
"133" ""
"134" "
                "
"135" "Lovely film that focuses on the poor and often ignored teeming millions of this country. Salute to the brilliant, selfless man who inspired this film!Hrithik Roshan is flawless as always and delivers the best performance by any actor so far this year!"
"136" ""
"137" "
                "
"138" "Vikas Bahl, after his last disaster, got back on his record as an A-grade director with this film. Super 30 is a journey and not just a film. Bahl's direction in the film is creative and aesthetically pleasing. Coming to the casting and performances of the film - Hrithik Roshan went way out his comfort zone to deliver this character which is very commendable, I liked his performance very much but he definitely wasn't the best fit for this role, the casting of the students and the other supporting roles were also on point. Mrunal Thakur had a very little amount of screen time but managed to do wonders with her role and it was very pleasing to see Aditya Shrivastava back and Pankaj Tripathi, with his unibrow, was a breathe of fresh air to the film. The movie was filled with little stupid but funny gags which kept the momentum going. The movie is narrated by Vijay Varma who also has a cameo in the film. I had a tough time to get used to the background score of the film which was sometimes like a fairytale and sometimes like a war movie, which made sense as the film was based on IIT. The film did get a bit dramatic and surreal in the second half. At the end, I thought the movie was wonderful and we have to give the credit to the makers."
"139" "Super 30 is not just a movie it is the harsh reality of our system which we ignore on everyday basis.Super 30 questions the right of education in our country.
The song NIYAM HAI depicts the scenario of right to education in this nation.How a genius was deprived of going to higher studies because of poor financial condition of the family,how a papad seller becomes the crowd puller in private coaching,how that mathematician realised that there is only one thing on which every citizen has right i.e EDUCATION.
Super 30 is a clear winner although it's bit lengthy but that doesn't make it boring for a single second.There were scenes that left the auditorium shell socked and some of them brought the emotions out of everyone.Hritik finally delivers something worth remembering,I don't even remember the last time he conquered a character this well.He gets into the skin of Anand Kumar and pulls off one of his best onscreen character,actors playing the role of students nailed every scene while Aditya Srivastava and pankaj tripathi justify their roles.
Mrunal thakur excels in her scenes.NIYAM HAI revertverates once you are out of the theatre.A must watch."
"140" ""
"141" "
                "
"142" "Movie name : Super 30
Genre - Biopic / Drama
Rating - Very good 3.5/5I was awaiting the release of Super 30 ever since it was announced as I knew about the fantastic efforts taken by Anand Kumar in creating the Super 30 program (only 30 students are eligible to be part of it to crack IIT-JEE) and am glad that my patience gave in.Super 30 tells the story of young Mathematician, Anand Kumar (played by Hrithik Roshan), who assist under-privileged kids in gaining admission to IIT through his Super 30 program in Bihar.Directed by Vikas Bahl, who earlier made the memorable film Queen and the forgettable one, Shaandaar, Super 30 begins in a flashback mode, focusing on Anand Kumar's struggles right from the financial constraints for which he could not seek admission to the Cambridge University, his father's untimely death to selling papad to make the ends meet. The first half is outstanding and few scenes will give you goosebumps.The second half begins with a curiosity but is tagged by uneccesary scenes which dilutes the impact of the film. The supposedly English skit performed by the Super 30 students on Holi festival, is poorly executed followed by the over-the-top and cannot-believe hospital scene where Super 30 kids use their mathematical concepts to ward off the goons while Hrithik Roshan is being operated in an ambulance as he is hit by a bullet. Also, none of songs are tuneful and can easily be forgettable once you leave the theater and is uneccessarily placed in the film. The editing could be trimmed to make to more impacting while screenplay could have been engaging in the later part of the film.Nevertheless, the art direction and cinematography is delightful while the background score is nice. Dialogues are superb, especially \"Ab Raja ka Beta Raja Nahe Banega... Ab Raja Wahi Banega Jo HAQDAAR Hoga\" and \"Jab Zaroorat Parti Toh Avishkar Hota Hai\". Vikas Bahl does a good comeback after the disastrous Shaandaar though Queen will remain his best work.Coming to the performances, - I cannot imagine any one apart from Hrithik Roshan playing the role of Anand Kumar. The actor breathes the character of the Mathematician as it was tailor made for him. Other support comes from Pankaj Tripathi who is equally brilliant as a corrupted politician. I liked Aditya Srivastava as Lallan Singh, Mrunal Thakur who plays the Anand Kumar's love interest and Virendra Saxena who plays Anand Kumar's father.Overall, Super 30 is inspiring and motivational film to watch as it right message about the importance of education in our life.Ketan Gupta"
"143" ""
"144" "
                "
"145" "...when a seasoned actor puts up his best ever performance, but is still outweighed by a bunch of newbies."
"146" ""
"147" "
                "
"148" "Very well made film which depicts the real issues prevelant in the country.Its very inspiring and well acted worth watching."
"149" ""
"150" "
                "
"151" "Within the society there has always been an invisible line which has clearly segregated the haves from the have nots. The haves relish riches, privileges and respect while the have nots are doomed forever. The society's laws, traditions and ways have always worked to maintain this order. But time and again there have been mortals who have caused a stir, raked up a storm and unsettled the rusty framework.Vikas Bahl's latest directorial venture \"Super 30\" deals with one such rebel who fought successfully against the society's norms. The film is a biopic of Anand Kumar, the brilliant mathematician and educator from Patna, Bihar whose \"Super 30 Programme\" enabled underprivileged students to crack the IIT-JEE examinations. The film exquisitely portrays Anand's journey wherein at the very onset we get a glimpse into the inequalities which exists in the societal structure even in respect of something as noble as imparting education. Young Anand secures an admission to Cambridge but is forced to abort his dreams due to lack of money. He carries out menial jobs just to make ends meet till a chance encounter lands him in the World of \"Tuition Business\". He earns money and fame under an elite banner by mentoring students from rich backgrounds who pay hefty fees to secure ranks in IIT-JEE.Then one night realization dawns on him and the genius mathematician resolves to train Ekalavyas instead of Arjunas. There begins the relentless struggle to groom, sustain and realise the dream with his band of 30 children and that's what the movie is all about.The film retains attention throughout courtesy some smart direction and acting performances. After Queen, Vikas again proves his mettle as a deft storyteller. Editing is also top-notch. Music didn't have much to the contribute to the plot and none of the soundtracks would be remembered for long. Regarding the acting part, Aditya Srivastava (Avijit of CID fame) is really impressive as the antagonist and so is Pankaj Tripathi as a corrupt education minister.Did I miss someone? Ahhh. There's this man - Bollywood's very own Greek God who has to sport a make up to look ordinary. He was going through a bad patch which seemed interminable but this time he has really made that giant chalang (leap) to regain his stardom. Undoubtedly Roshan Junior's stellar performance is the film's strongest asset. The character demanded a lot of make and break stuff which Hrithik delivered without going overboard. However I didn't quite like the scene where Supriya (Mrunal) walks away and Anand appears abnormally unaffected. It was quite pointless to exercise such stoicism. Moreover in the end, the group didn't have to turn into INA to combat the goons. That's where the film falls a prey to the very evil it was propagating against - Commercialization. This also explains why Hrithik Roshan got to play the titular character and not Pankaj Tripathi despite the latter's physical resemblance with Anand. Who wants to lose the prospect of gaining an entry into 100-200-300 Crore clubs?Overall a pretty satisfying achievement."
"152" "Acting: Fantastic
Direction/Screenplay: Brilliant
Hrithik Roshan: out of this world
Overall: 8/10
It's a masterpiece.
Oscar level movie."
"153" ""
"154" "
                "
"155" "#Super30Review
Good 1st half with Engaging stuff. The story line in 1st half <U+0001F44C><U+0001F3FC><U+0001F44C><U+0001F3FC>
Pre intervel #inspirational scene <U+0001F44C><U+0001F3FC><U+0001F4A5>#Super30Review
A must watch movie
It's an inspiring journey of Anand Kumar.
Raja ka beta raja nai banega. Raja wohi banega Jo hakdar hoga <U+0001F44C><U+0001F3FC><U+0001F44C><U+0001F3FC>.
2nd half makes u cry, laugh & emotional at same time. Soul full BGM jst <U+0001F525><U+0001F525>.
Hrithik as Bihari Anand wao just nailed it."
"156" ""
"157" "
                "
"158" "They \"bollywoodized\" true events but still bounds you.."
"159" ""
"160" "
                "
"161" "Super30 is film with beautiful story telling, amaziiinngg performances by all the actors of the film Hrithik Roshan One man showed who changed his whole personality to get into the character of the role. Your acting says that it's unnecessary to look like the real man but it's the right emotion which should be a connect and you did that brilliantly."
"162" ""
"163" "
                "
"164" "This movie should watch by everyone, super30 will make u cry,laugh, emotional at a same time, it's an inspiring journey of Anand Kumar.
Background music is just<U+0001F525> it gives u lots of goosebumps, nd Hrithik's acting as a bihari is just wao, he proved again he can act in any difficult role.
A must watch movie."
"165" ""
"166" "
                "
"167" "#Super30 left me extremely overwhelmed. I Cried, laughed, applauded , got goosebumps. Outstanding movie by Hrithik. This inspiring story is a MUST WATCH !"
"168" ""
"169" "
                "
"170" "The film is based on the true story of Anand Kumar, a tutor who started free coaching for poor students in Bihar in the mid-90s. 'Super 30' has several heartfelt, inspiring moments that touch a chord. When Anand says at one point, \"Aapatti se aavishkar ka janm hota hain\", you do believe him. \"Super 30\" is engaging drama and the story of a teacher who triumphs over the many challenges that life throws at him, to set an example for the world to see. Just for that it's worth a watch."
"171" ""
"172" "
                "
"173" "Great movie struggle shown with good acting of Hritik and his brother...
Real heroes like Anand Kumar should be portrayed more in Bollywood"
"174" ""
"175" "
                "
"176" "It's a Masterpiece with Acting, Direction, Screenplay, Background Music, Emotions, Story, and casting"
"177" ""
"178" "
                "
"179" "This film is set on the topic of today's promising students who want to go to IIT and foreign universities for further higher studies.The film has a heart-breaking act of acting, hritik has shown the problems coming between Hindi and English better ...This movie can enhance students' enthusiasm.
Thank you"
"180" ""
"181" "
                "
"182" "Its a story of Anand kumar, a brilliant mathematician in patna, bihar, India.
Hats off to Hrithik for choosing these kind of roles. All the super 30 students were amazing, when you see their faces you can see everything. Overall a brilliant movie, please ho with your family and kids to watch this movie."
"183" ""
"184" "
                "
"185" "Hrithik has acted very well in thr movie and doesn't feel artificial in the role at any point. All the characters have justified their casting, movie definitely has instilled inspiration, determination and hard work in the minds of the audience. Very rarely we have some key takeaways from movies, Super 30 definitely has a lot of takeaways that audience can take away with them and apply in their lives when things are not working. BG music is very good, songs and little romance is also very touching! Nice movie after a very long time..."
"186" ""
"187" "
                "
"188" "This movie is superb and hrithik's acting in too good!!! I really loved it."
"189" ""
"190" "
                "
"191" "Absolutely Amazing, Inspiring and Encouraging. Super 30 is not only the best Bollywood film of 2019, it's one of the best Bollywood films ever made, no questions asked. You will not see HRITHIK ROSHAN in this film, you'll see the brilliant Anand Kumar. Hats Off to everyone involved in making this wonderful film..!"
"192" ""
"193" "
                "
"194" "Strong storyline with combination of strong acting by HR. MIND BLOWINGGGGGG. I didn't feel board for a single minute"
"195" ""
"196" "
                "
"197" "Hritik roshan's best performance with a great story and on topic film was based!!"
"198" ""
"199" "
                "
"200" "A well-made heart touching journey of a man with a great message which showcases the true situation of education system in India . The movie even focuses on the malpractices done by the \"education mafia\" . Won't say it's completely based on real-life, many elements have been added in order to enhance the experience. But definitely a good watch."
"201" ""
"202" "
                "
"203" "When the movie started it already caught my attention. It was because of putting light on factors like golden ratio and achieving goals as per potential were introduced. It was overwhelming.Anand Kumar was a mathematician but IIT entrance required study of physics and math's as well. It would have been nice if how that was handled was shown. Despite that whatever was shown complemented with someone like me (once an entrance candidate).There is a scene in movie where Anand decides to overcome fear of privileged English speaking students psychologically. I feel once you get your dream you can learn anything later. It's the same way how some cricketers learn to address something like press conference.Hrithik in this movie gives a tough competition to someone like Aamir for acting in main lead. The only thing is he dint look like real Anand Kumar. Acting from supporting cast was justified as well.Final Verdict: The goods like teaching under privileged providing them with study material and even food along with the factors like student- teacher relation filled with emotions make this a treat that you can watch with family and friends."
"204" ""
"205" "
                "
"206" "Super 30Dynastic Vs Deserving, that's the very corner stone of this inspirational movie.The efforts that go into enabling 30 slum children with skills that lead into the IIT is this movie all about. The money making engine of coaching classes and the political goons who make money out of it, are all brought to the fore front.Though the greased Hrithik Roshan puts a fair show as the real life Anand Kumar, I was thoroughly impressed with rendering of Virendra Saxena who caps the Father character.The journey to the IIT with 30 slum kids on board, is marred with poor living conditions, Hunger, stressful competition, humiliation and man handling. The journey however concludes at the gates of a prestigious IIT - not sure which one in particular.Mrunal Thakur appears as an embellishment but noticeable. Vikas Bhal's problem is much complicated than the IIT entrance exam itself, he has to present the journey to the audience and hence there is a fair attempt to make the tough parts as a real life application. Well, in my view abstract parts are slightly difficult to handle but I must say it was handled well.Having read about the Super 30 in Rashmi Bansal's non-fictional publication \"I have a dream \", I was a day ahead in booking the tickets. Very eager to see the cinematic version of how it all happened, my dreams were squashed when NDTV rated the movie 2 on 5. I read through the review and was cursing myself for not able to control the urge. But, I paid for the ticket and I had to watch it by dragging myself into the theatre.It's a movie for all the kids. It's a movie for all IIT aspirants. It's a movie for all thugs of the education system of India and it's a family movie too.When I said Dynastic vs Deserving: I meant \" A prince will not necessarily be the King, the one who deserves will be\" . If you are wondering how, watch the movie.I am going with a 4.5 on 5, and I care two monkeys to the NDTV review."
"207" ""
"208" "
                "
"209" "Have u ever felt Like Crying, Happiness, emotions at a single time?? Yes this movie will give u chance to dance with tears. Hrithik's super classic Acting which will be remembered for the decades like we remember Amitabh ji's. He is an institution in himself... Bow down to him.. he literally became Anand Kumar. And whole cast was perfect. The whole movie was perfect. And the message is Most important and the way they convey to us is better than 3 Idiots. This is must watch. Don't ever dare to miss this Inspirational ride.. specially take ur children n show them..."
"210" ""
"211" "
                "
"212" "Fabulous Movie. Super30 has Hrithik Roshan at one of his best acts. The other cast were great. Some scenes in the film were very impactful. Recommended."
"213" ""
"214" "
                "
"215" "Super30 is a must watch movie.
Screenplay was tight.
Dialogues were nice.
And hrithik sir nailed his character, especially mention for pankaj sir his performance is also lovable."
"216" ""
"217" "
                "
"218" "A Tryst with Destiny can land you somewhere to dream big. The destiny is bound to get accustomed to your desires only upon your efforts or better luck. Super 30 takes a calculated risk of protagonist's Tryst with Destiny. Played by Mr. Hrithik Roshan, 'Anand' is unsure of his path marred by heavy obstacles and ill fated turns in his life. Super 30 takes you through an out of turn events in the first half and tests your adrenaline level during the second half.
Anand is a brilliant talented, 'one amongst youths' but unable to fly high despite dreaming big. Despite initial hurdles Anand is able to scape through majestic academic laurels as a proud mathematician topper of the town. After a series of disappointments in his life, the dream to surge further through his professional aspirations cost him nearly his destiny.
But upon a 'chance' meeting with the possible mentor, his destiny now hands him the mantle to become a teacher at a local coaching institute. Anand is now back to full life-force helping his mentees to dream big and ride away with 'excellence' the coaching center offers through his mathematical stature.
The final twist in the destiny yet again takes an interesting turn when he ventures to teach kids who otherwise cannot afford to study. A wave is created to attract young talent at the cost of free education plus limited food. Many aspirants land up at Anand's place with the hope of dreaming big. The movie then surrounds the protagonists struggle to stay afloat in competition & survive the ordeals, plus the challenge of helping his Super 30 team to scape through the entrance tests! The movie is well managed through good screenplay and script aided by local dialect. Super 30 is yet another 'inspiring story' based on the real protagonist's life and his struggle to emerge with flying colors in the society."
"219" ""
"220" "
                "
"221" "Such an inspirational and motivational movie
, Sometimes made u laugh and sometimes make u cry ...none of the words can express the role of hritik in this movie ..
One should definitely watch this masterpiece
,Every individual in this movie put their best in their respective roles."
"222" ""
"223" "
                "
"224" "Awesome movie and tbh I didn't expect Hrithik to do justice with role of being a Bihari person but he nailed it and proved that he is one of the finest and all-rounder actor of Bollywood .. really enjoyed this movie"
"225" ""
"226" "
                "
"227" "Light drag but awesome writing and awesome performance of Hrithik and intermission scene and climax acting of hrithik is simply stellar"
"228" ""
"229" "
                "
"230" "Strong content ,Supb acting, goosebumps scene, wonderful and emotional Cliemex....
Wonderful movie <U+0001F60D><U+0001F60D><U+0001F60D>
Don't miss it <U+0001F44D><U+0001F44C><U+0001F44C><U+0001F44C>"
"231" ""
"232" "
                "
"233" "This movie really is an inspirational and the way Hrithik potrayed his character of Anand sir in bihari Avatar hat's off to him #quite emotional and makes you laugh at times and fills you with pride"
"234" ""
"235" "
                "
"236" "The movie is gripping and absolutely scintillating. Not the typical Bollywood masala film though. The film makes you cry, laugh, feel delighted and helpless at the state of affairs in our society. The direction is great and except for 15-20 minutes in the second half, where the film is a bit slow, there is never a dull moment.Casting is fantastic as it is and Hrithik Roshan has once again proven that he is arguably the best actor among all the superstars of Bollywood. Pankaj Tripathi has again delivered a great performance in his limited role.All in all a must watch movie. After all it is rare to see a superstar delivering a content driven film."
"237" ""
"238" "
                "
"239" "Excellent performance by Hrithik sir in super 30 . This is one of his best performance ,movie has very good story , real life story ,direction is great. It should be blockbuster on box office . Each n every person should watch the movie it motivates you to never give up in life any thing is possible."
"240" ""
"241" "
                "
"242" "My honest opinion is ignore all the so called \"pseudo- intellects\" like Rajeev Masand/Anupama Chopra etc. A movie needs to entertaining and it has to have certain commercial appeal. If not ,it would be like watching documentaries. They comment on movies in their AC rooms without realizing the sacrifices people like Anand Kumar and the team involved in making the movie make.
I request people to encourage such humble & selfless people like Anand Kumar instead of pulling them down.
This is exactly the message the movie gives which such movie critics don't understand.
If you really want India to progress, i think people should be watching movies like Super 30 instead of all the senseless movies which make tons of cash at the boxoffice but add no value in life.
It's a truly inspiring story and needs to be seen.Period..."
"243" ""
"244" "
                "
"245" "Great work done by Hrithik. Really needed to put those struggles faced by Anand Kumar and his students on screen. My fav dialogue \"India Chalang Lagaega\""
"246" ""
"247" "
                "
"248" "I remember, when I was a student of Anand Sir, he is as simple and as brilliant as played by Hrithik... Amazing roleplay by Hrithik Roshan.!! <U+0001F44C><U+0001F44C> This is must watch movie... It's not complete biopic of Anand kumar as I think.. many things are missing in movie, as it shows a raivalary between big coaching. But Anand kumar is about a Mathematics lover who can visualise you the complex math problems as anything like living world.. as story sometime show in movie. He can show you more in any single chapter than a book... By an large today's teachers follows his vision on Mathematics as copy paste. But he is a Pioneer of this methodology. You are just Great Anand sir, and Thanks Hrithik to play such a brilliant role.."
"249" ""
"250" "
                "
"251" "An Inspirational movie, Hrithik did a great job. He gave his 100% hardwork in this movie. Movie is based on Anand Sir life who runs Super30. As I was the part of Super30 2015 batch, I know the complete story more than what shown in movie. Anand sir life has been depicted so well in this movie. A different class performance by Hrithik, Hope movie will inspire lots of youth from India and overseas."
"252" ""
"253" "
                "
"254" "Hrithik gives a flawless performance..skintone is not any issue go watch it..some silly and baseless comments coming from haters thats not true..you have to compare wid other Btown movies then you realise what is the level of this movie ."
"255" ""
"256" "
                "
"257" "This is how Indian cinema should be... Masterpiece."
"258" ""
"259" "
                "
"260" "A great movie by HR sir....
Tremendous work done by super30 team
The great story about 30 boys ever seen , a great teacher, what a movie..!"
"261" ""
"262" "
                "
"263" "Just I am spechless hritik actring I am hater him bt after this movie I am die hard fan hritik..story mast class"
"264" ""
"265" "
                "
"266" "Excellent performance by cast and great inspirational story."
"267" ""
"268" "
                "
"269" "Hirthik is nailed it like always
He gave his <U+0001F4AF> % movie story is outstanding"
"270" ""
"271" "
                "
"272" "We all are aware with story but first time it has been casted by legendary star Hrithik!This movie should be tax free. Will be proud moment for students watching movie, a true patriotic person Mr. Anand who gave his everything to his underprivileged students."
"273" ""
"274" "
                "
"275" "The film has every kind of entertainment.. Cinematography, direction, dialogues, makeup, best performances by the actors, specially Hrithik.. And above all the background score, and Music by Ajay-Atul.. That was the best thing to experience.. The story is real, and very inspiring. Overall i loved the film. Must watch..!"
"276" ""
"277" "
                "
"278" "The movie was excellent. Hritik Roshan did a fantastic job. His performance was the best. The story was very god, inspiring and heart touching. It manages to depict the the real story and the feel of them movie. best of luck super 30 and team."
"279" ""
"280" "
                "
"281" "Very inspirational story and well directed / acted. This should be one of the best acting of Hrithik Roshan so far. Although the movie is of 155 mins but we didn't feel it stretched. Seems very authentic. Must watch..."
"282" ""
"283" "
                "
"284" "An Inspiring and motivational movie for all ages. Hrithik Roshan gave stunning performance."
"285" ""
"286" "
                "
"287" "Such an inspiration film this is, Hrithik Roshan has performed his best till now and the 30 students along with supporting star cast did an fabulous job as well. This movie limit is sky high with all the emotions and everything. This movie will be added in the list of ICONIC movies such as Dangal, 3 Idiots, Chakde India."
"288" ""
"289" "
                "
"290" "It's not about where you belong, it's not about what you do, it's not about what you don't have.. it's all about what you want.. that's the Mathematician Anand Kumar a real hero played magnificently by a soulful actor Hrithik Roshan. This Movie will go down as one of all time Classics !!"
"291" ""
"292" "
                "
"293" "My sincere request : Please tell each & every human being around you to go & watch this incredible film.Super 30 is a Cinematic masterpiece. Truly an heart-touching & inspirational experience.
It will make you smile.. It will make you cry.. & Most importantly, it will motivate you.And I don't have enough words to describe the powerful acting of Hrithik Roshan. What an outstanding performance !!Excellent screenplay & great Direction accompanied by supeb performances by entire cast, terrific background music & strong message make the movie - A must watch for all."
"294" ""
"295" "
                "
"296" "Literally Goosebumps.. This movie is on another level.. Freaking me out.Hrithik Is So Perfect. I m Speechless.. Can't express in word. Just want to say Thank you Hrithik For #Super30."
"297" ""
"298" "
                "
"299" "I really inspired from this movie. I think every student want to see this movie"
"300" "Best movie I have seen after 3 idiots... All I can say is must watch movie.."
"301" ""
"302" "
                "
"303" "One of the best movie of hrithik career, and after long gap he came with a new bang."
"304" ""
"305" "
                "
"306" "Well, I wanna slam all those critics whomsoever pointed out and said, Hritik is unfit for the role. For me there's no super 30 if there's no Hritik Roshan. It's an Masterpiece do watch it..."
"307" ""
"308" "
                "
